By the way, onlookers, the people of Changyi City
Never care about the time between people
There must be bankrupt commodities in this boom and bust
There must also be products that stop in time and make a lot of money.
Onlookers just need to grasp the big picture
Thank you for your support
Here we go.
Just follow the plan step by step for your tutorial.
It will soon become stable
The adults said to repair the county government office
Host major events
The crisis in Linjiang City is not just a grain drive outbreak
What is the root cause of this?
Torrential rain
Food failure
In times of catastrophe, people lose their sources of income
This is the root of Liangjia's irritability
Now food prices have come down.
What urgently needs to be solved is the income problem of the people
Only the common people make money
To survive this catastrophe
Otherwise, for the common people
50 characters a bucket or 250 characters a bucket of grain prices
There's no difference at all.
I couldn't afford it.
Adults have Wang Zuozhi's talent
lower official admiration
Your Majesty has to be assisted by adults
It will definitely open the prosperous era of Daqin
Haha, what Lord Du 6 did at this end
Just go with the flow
Just out of ego
Oh uncle
Latest News
The former Zhao Hanlin family completely tore their faces apart
The head of the Qian family has exceeded the grain rack to 70 kings for the first time
I see. Go on.
Oh, dear.
Now the Liang family in Linjiang City has fallen
My son's task is also completed
I'm going back to Chang'an City
I'll leave everything here to Master Du to go back
It is a foregone conclusion that the Liang family will go to Linjiang City
It doesn't make much sense for me to stay here
This is what I gave these days.
Visited temple abbot
Write a clear letter
When the house is renovated
You can send someone to deliver it
Lord Du's ability
The people of Linjiang City are obvious to all
The official is very relieved.
This credit
This official wrote that this is enough
If Lord Du really needs this merit
Adults stay so low
The lower official has nothing to report
Organize large-scale events to avoid three-year unconditional business tax
This thing
According to the rules of big money, you need His Majesty's palace
This son will finalize it after returning to Chang'an City
This is only for one day.
I need to remind others
Not because of the year of the cataclysm
Have mercy on the people and rise in power or else
Adults say
I will definitely gather some from here
Then everything here will be left to Lord Du
Hahaha, the lord is in such a hurry, so he left.
The lower official has to take good care of it first
Why don't you pay more attention, adults?
Oh, Your Majesty did not set a deadline
3 hours on the road
It is estimated that Chang'an City has already exploded
Oh, I really should go back.
Oh my lord
It's all my fault
The lower official has had two ups and downs
Lord, you are the place where the waves are sealed to the great settlement
Or let the lower official
Send it to adults
Then it's Lord Mao Fantou
Yu Luo followed my son to pack his luggage
OK
I always feel weird